hey how's it going Dave 2d here so
Nvidia partnered with me for this video
they're giving away a bunch of GTX 10
series gaming laptops and they actually
sent this one out to me the amasai GSC
to showcase what these laptops are
capable of so these all have 10 series
graphics cards inside them which is the
current generation of graphics cards
from Nvidia and these are extremely
powerful these are literally two and a
half or three times more powerful than
the previous generation that kind of
jump in GPU perforins was never seen
before so it's really cool that they had
them this year this one in particular is
a four pound machine it's super powerful
gtx 1070 120 hertz screen packed with
lots of ram storage space and a light-up
RGB keyboard so you can switch between
four different zones it is a very
powerful gaming laptop and very capable
for doing other things like video
editing and any kind of 3d application
or work on the go now two years ago this
kind of technology just straight-up
didn't exist if you wanted this kind of
performance and this kind of power in
any machine it would have to be a
desktop now you're able to play triple-a
titles at like 60 90 frames per second
120 frames per second while being super
portable this fits into your backpack
and when you're ready to go just bust it
out and do some work play some games
stream whatever you want the fact that I
can bring this into a coffee shop pull
it out and just crush it and overwatch
is just crazy this thing has enough
power so you can play competitively in
triple-a shooters on the go who doesn't
want that now in videos give away a
bunch of GTX 10 series laptops it's
called the game ready everywhere contest
that runs from November 27th for about a
month I think it ends at the end of the
year so December 31st I believe it's
really simple to enter take a picture of
your laptop in a place that you'd like
to build to play games post it on
Twitter and tag me in it Dave TD TV as
well as NVIDIA GeForce and add the
hashtag game ready everywhere and NVIDIA
would choose two winners every week over
the course of the month
who will win GTX 10 series laptop so
you'll be able to get something that's
just gonna crush it in games now here's
the kicker from my audience you guys get
a special I guess second entry at the
end of the contest if you guys didn't
win one of the two laptops every week
you will be eligible to win one of two
of these so they're giving away two msi
g s6 t3 specifically to my subscribers
so if you tagged me in that twitter post
you got an extra chance at winning
this specific laptop and the odds of
winning this thing are pretty decent for
like a twenty four hundred dollar laptop
which is crazy
this is a really good gaming laptop it's
super quiet you're gonna love this thing
okay all the contest details are going
to be below if there's any kind of
additional information I'll link it down
in the video description I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and good luck because
I really want you guys to be winning a
lot of those laptops so think of em away
thumbs if you like this video subs we
loved it see you guys next time
[Music]